---
layout: default
modal-id: 1
date: 2022-11-07
img: resume icon (1).png
alt: image-alt
project-date: November 2022

---

# Adam Siemionkowicz

[siemionkowicza@gmail.com](mailto:siemionkowicza@gmail.com) 

## Professional Experience

### Heller Industries	  

Software Engineering Intern                                                                                                                                May 2022 – August 2022

◦	Worked on developing an installer for a vertical oven using InnoSetup.
◦	Created a Jenkins Pipeline for the vertical oven installer.
◦	Helped complete STIG/SCAP testing on Heller ovens.
◦	Assisted in the process of updating software licenses on Heller ovens.



### Stop and Shop	        

Sales Associate                                                                                                                                         January 2021 - March 2021

◦	Greeted customers of the store and helped them through the process of purchasing items.
◦	Assisted in stocking the store shelves and maintaining inventory.
◦	Cleaned and maintained the aisles of the store.



### American Pool	       

Lifeguard                                                                                                                                               May 2018 – September 2019

◦	Was responsible for monitoring active swimmers.
◦	Cleaned the pool area according to the standards of the New Jersey Department of Health.
◦	Maintained safe levels of water chemicals as defined in N.J. Admin. Code § 8:26-7.8.
◦	Assisted with the general needs of pool patrons.



## Education 

### Marist College
Expected May 2024

Bachelor of Science in Cybersecurity; Minor in Information Systems & Information Technology
◦	GPA: 3.221/4.00 

## Relevant Coursework and Projects
•	Software Development Courses
◦	Designed, developed, debugged, tested, and documented various programs using Java, Python, MySQL, HTML/CSS, and JavaScript.
◦	Learned fundamental concepts of software development life cycle.
◦	Developed and normalized relational databases in PostgreSQL and Oracle SQL Developer.

•	Cybersecurity Courses
◦	Learned about internetworking and modeled a network in Cisco Packet Tracer.
◦	Used various digital forensics tools such as Paraben E3, Autopsy, and Disk Digger.
◦	Developed a familiarity with Kali Linux and the Linux OS.

•	Projects
◦	Received certification in HTML and CSS on Codecademy Pro.
◦	Working on Jr. Penetration Tester pathway in TryHackMe.

## Additional Activities
•	Activities: Marist College Club Hockey.

•	Spoken Languages: Bilingual in English and Polish.



